# Deploy-a-web-application-on-Tomcat-in-AWS-while-implementing-termination-protection-for-ABC-Corp

Hi Ritik! Thanks for working on this project for our team. We have an E-Commerce Web Application running on EC2 instance. DevOps team was notified that ABC Corp web application deployed on EC2 instance is not accessible over the internet. This is in QA environment and ABC Corp security team is trying to access it to perform penetration testing. But they are unable to proceed with the testing and they have escalated this issue to the ABC Corp DevOps team. DevOps team verified the issue and identified that EC2 hosting this web app has been terminated in the QA environment.    Issue Details sent by ABC Corp Devteam:  Security team of ABC Corp was performing penetration testing on ABC Corp Web Application but now they are getting Unable to connect error.  As your DevOps Manager, I am assigning you this task to check and fix this issue. You need to first re-install the ABC Corp web application on EC2 instance and run it using Tomcat. Before deploying web app, make sure Tomcat is running and accessible over the internet. Once done, implement the termination protection for EC2 instance to avoid this issue in the future. Also verify that the termination protection is working for the EC2 instance.  Since this issue is impacting their billables, even ABC Corp leadership is also keeping an eye on the progress of this situation. As this is a time sensitive task, you need to fix this issue as early as possible.  Where to complete your work The project will be assigned one ticket at a time in a series of tasks. To complete these tasks, you’ll need to use the workspace provided. You can launch by clicking below or at any time by clicking the button in the top right of the screen.
